Enrich IP & URL with OSINT from Slack (#280)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Enrich_URL_with_Threat_Crowd_from_Slack/help.md

# Description

Enrich a potentially malicious web URL with threat intelligence provided by Threat Crowd from Slack.

Sample Slack Trigger Commands:

`@Rapid7 InsightConnect enrich-url <URL>`

# Key Features

* ThreadCrowd URL Lookup

# Requirements

* [Slack](https://insightconnect.help.rapid7.com/docs/configure-slack-for-chatops)

# Documentation

## Setup

Import the workflow from the Rapid7 Extension Library and proceed through the Import Workflow wizard in InsightConnect. Import plugins, create or select connections, and rename the workflow as a part of the Import Workflow wizard as necessary.

After import, activate the workflow in order to trigger it.

### Usage

> *This workflow will trigger in any direct messages to your Chatbot **or** any message in a channel directed @ your Chatbot. Note the Chatbot must be in the channel in order to trigger the workflow this way.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*To limit the risk of users sharing malicious URLs in Slack channels, this workflow will ONLY trigger on direct messages to your Chatbot.*
```

> To run the workflow, send a direct message to your InsightConnect Slack Chatbot or @ your Chatbot in a public channel starting with the command `enrich-url`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the workflow, send a direct message to your InsightConnect Slack Chatbot starting with the command `enrich-url`, followed by one or more URLs for enrichment.
```
